Improvement - PEM Linux Install guide (#2239)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/pem/8/pem_inst_guide_linux/04_installing_postgres_enterprise_manager/05_configuring_the_pem_server_on_linux.mdx

3.  `Database` -Select this option to configure the PEM backend database for use by the PEM server. Please note that the specified database must reside on the local host.

!!! Note

>     If the Web Server and the backend database (PEM Server) reside on separate hosts, configure the database server first (option 3), and then web services (option 2). The script will exit if the backend database is not configured before web services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If the Web Server and the backend database (PEM Server) reside on separate hosts, configure the database server first (option 3), and then web services (option 2). The script exits if the backend database is not configured before web services.
```
